[ZT] Access for SaaS SCIM provisioning (#14595)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/applications/configure-apps/saas-apps/_index.md

Cloudflare Access allows you to add an additional authentication layer to your SaaS applications. When you integrate a SaaS application with Access, users log in to the application with Cloudflare as the Single Sign-On provider. The user is then redirected to the configured identity providers for that application and are only granted access if they pass your Access policies.

## Add a SaaS application

Cloudflare integrates with the majority of SaaS applications that support the SAML or OIDC authentication protocol. If you do not see your application listed below, refer to our generic SAML or generic OIDC guide and consult your SaaS application's documentation.

{{<directory-listing>}}

> ## Configure SCIM

Reviewer: should we add a call out that this is a beta feature?

> [SCIM provisioning](/cloudflare-one/identity/users/scim/) allows you to synchronize users and groups between your identity provider (IdP) and SaaS app. Once configured, SCIM will automatically grant a user access to all the SaaS applications they need to do their job once they have been added to the IdP. Each SaaS application has different SCIM setup requirements, and some applications may not support all of the SCIM functionality available in Zero Trust.

Author: ```suggestion
[SCIM provisioning](/cloudflare-one/identity/users/scim/) synchronizes users and groups between your identity provider (IdP) and SaaS app. Once configured, SCIM will automatically grant a user access to all the SaaS applications they need to do their job once they have been added to the IdP. Each SaaS application has different SCIM setup requirements, and some applications may not support all of the SCIM functionality available in Zero Trust.
```

### 1. Obtain SaaS application settings

Get the following information from your SaaS application account:

- **Remote URL**: The SCIM server URL for your SaaS application, for example `https://<your-domain>/scim/v2`
- **Credentials**: The SCIM authentication credentials used by your SaaS application (Bearer Token, HTTP Basic, or OAuth 2.0)

### 2. Configure SCIM in Zero Trust

1. In [Zero Trust](https://one.dash.cloudflare.com/), go to **Access** > **Applications**.
2. Select the SaaS application that you want to enable SCIM provisioning for, and select **Edit**.
3. In the **Authentication** tab, turn on **SCIM provisioning**.
4. Select your IdP.
5. In **Remote URL**, enter the SCIM server URL obtained from your SaaS application account.
6. Select the credential type compatible with your SaaS application.
7. Enter the authentication credentials obtained from your SaaS application account.
8. Select **Verify credentials**.
9. (Optional) Configure [advanced provisioning settings](#advanced-provisioning-settings).
10. Select **Save application**.

> Cloudflare will begin synchronizing users and groups between your IdP and the SaaS application according to the provisioning schedule set in your IdP. To track the user's identity over time, view your [User Registry audit logs](/cloudflare-one/insights/logs/users/).

Author: ```suggestion
Cloudflare will begin synchronizing users and groups between your IdP and the SaaS application according to the provisioning schedule set in your IdP. To track how the user's identity changes over time, view your [User Registry audit logs](/cloudflare-one/insights/logs/users/).
```
